docs: add API docs index post (#675)
devopness/devopness: docs/api/index.md

---
title: Devopness API

> intro: Devopness is an API-First product, meaning that every feature in our product is first designed with the API usage in mind. That development approach implies that every action you make using our web app can also be directly made using API calls.

Reviewer: Suggesting here a more verbose explanation of our approach to API.
Please assess whether the text should be all kept in `intro` or some parts moved to the body of this topic:
```suggestion
intro: At Devopness we treat our `API-as-a-Product`, meaning that every feature in our product is first designed with the API usage in mind, resulting in an API that is easy to use, well documented and actively maintained and supported.
This `API-first` development approach makes it possible that every piece of functionality available to users of our web app can also be automated and integrated with external systems. 

Devopness webhooks are a highly performant way to allow applications to push data from external events to trigger pipelines on your infrastructure environments, increasing productivity and reliability while working on cloud applications and infrastructure management workflows.
```

Author: The intro argument in post's frontmatter is rendered as plain text, not markdown; so I've moved the entire suggested text to the body.
